<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="untitled14">
    <title>Definitions </title>
    <body>
        <dl id="dl_bbq_mjn_g3c">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Automatic controller</dt>
                <dd>Automatic controller means a device capable of operating irrigation valve
                    stations to set days and length of time of water application.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Hydrozone</dt>
                <dd>Hydrozone means a portion of the landscaped area having plants with similar
                    water needs and rooting depth. A hydrozone may be irrigated or
                    non-irrigated.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Landscaped area</dt>
                <dd>Landscaped area means all planting areas, turf areas, and water features in a
                    landscape design plan subject to the Maximum Applied Water Allowance
                    calculation. The landscape area does not include footprints of buildings or
                    structures, sidewalks, driveways, parking lots, decks, patios, gravel or stone
                    walks, other pervious or non-pervious hardscapes and other non-irrigated areas
                    designed for non-development.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Low volume irrigation</dt>
                <dd>Low volume irrigation means the application of irrigation water at low pressure
                    through a system of tubing or lateral lines and low-volume emitters such as
                    drip, drip lines, and bubblers. Low volume irrigation systems are specifically
                    designed to apply small volumes of water slowly at or near the root zone of
                    plants.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Mulch.</dt>
                <dd>Mulch means organic material such as leaves, bark, straw, compost, or inorganic
                    material such as rocks, gravel or decomposed granite left loose and applied to
                    the soil surface for beneficial purposes of reducing evaporation, suppressing
                    weeds, moderating soil temperature and preventing soil erosion.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Overspray</dt>
                <dd>Overspray means the irrigation water which is delivered beyond the target
                    area.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Rain sensing device</dt>
                <dd>Rain sensing device means a component which automatically suspends an irrigation
                    event when it rains.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
